How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The bug appeared in the new version, so searching among the differences makes sense since it's probably there that
    the bug has been introduced.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It can either help a programmer to seek more easily the origin of any issue, or also permits him
    to get intel on what is the best way to make this or that feature.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

     The pros are that you can specify what each of the commits correspond to and you can be more accurate
     on a commit to for example don't commit a version you don't want to keep.
     The cons are that you may miss important informations between two commits such as
     an interesting feature tested then erased beacause of deceiving tests : the test may have been
     pertinents, however the feature specification still may be usefull later when trying again
     or brainstorming for example.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

      Maybe because Google Docs'purpose is to work on single document project while the aim
      of git is to manage the entire project as a whole.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log allows to see the previous changements to a repo and its file while git diff permits to
    comparated the file across two commits. The option '--stat' is reallys useful in either case.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

      It eventually can because each version commited is saved so any change can easily be tracked and reverted.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Well, I already used git many times git at this point. My goal is to improve my knowledge of this tool.
